Write application level codec document (#119)
iov-one/docs: docs/weave-tutorial/10-batch-tx.md

---
id: batch-txs
title: Batch Transactions
sidebar_label: Batch Transactions
---

> I don't think you will not have patience to wait for posting thousands of transactions one by one right?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I don't think you will have the patience to wait for thousands of transactions to post one by one, right?
```

> Via wrapping vanilla `Messages` into a `repeated` **Union** object that includes variety of messages, we can achieve the ease of use of batch transactions; thus, this will prevent the blockhain from being flooded by thousands of messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Via wrapping vanilla `Messages` into a `repeated` **Union** object that includes variety of messages, we can achieve the ease-of-use of batch transactions; this will prevent the blockhain from being flooded by thousands of messages.
```
